Is he toxic or am I just overthinking?
If you have ever asked yourself this
question, this video is for you. One of
the main reasons why you keep attracting
toxic men is because you don't see the
toxicity. You're trying to excuse their
behavior. You're being very empathic.
You're maybe even blaming yourself
because you don't know what's toxic and
what's not. Hi guys, and welcome back to
my channel. My name is Michaela and
everything on my channel is about
upgrading yourself, your life and
becoming the most confident, most
beautiful and most successful woman in
your life. After today's video, you will
know exactly which behavior in men is
toxic and you should never tolerate so
you stop wasting your time and energy on
the wrong ones. Let's get into this.
Beforehand I want to make clear that yes
there are men who are generous who are
provider who find their fulfillment and
their happiness in making you happy.
There are men who won't push your
boundaries who are kind who tick all the
boxes. And only once you stop
entertaining the wrong ones only once
you say no to the toxic ones that's when
the good men can come into your life.
Now, I want you to listen very closely
to all the seven signs that show you
exactly if a man is toxic or not. And
once you notice a man is toxic, please
do yourself a favor and remove yourself
immediately from that situation. Because
I can guarantee you, if you won't do
that, it will only get worse and you
will waste your time. You will waste
months and years of your beautiful life
with a man who is simply draining you.
The first point I want to get into is
money. There are so many signs around
money that he is toxic. And this has
nothing to do with how much money he
actually has or makes. Okay, money is
mindset. And if a man is not able to
manage his money, if he's spending
irresponsibly and is then not able to
pay his own bills, invite you on a date
or simply manage his own life, you know,
he is spending irresponsibly.
And I want you to ask yourself, how can
a man that cannot manage money, manage a
relationship or a family? Exactly. He
can't. If he cannot manage his own
income and bills, he will definitely not
be able to manage the income and bills
of a whole family. And this goes even
further. He will probably also not be
able to manage the relationship in
general. If he is irresponsible with
money, he will be irresponsible in other
aspects in his life. Okay. Another way
men can be toxic with money is when they
use money to control you. Many men that
have money, they use it to control you.
And that's not normal. Okay? A generous
provider man is not using money to
control you. He is not giving you just
enough so you will be dependent on him.
If he has enough resources, he wants you
to be free. He gives you the resources
so you are free and you can decide over
and over again if you truly want to stay
with him or not. And normally a woman
that is well taken care of, a woman that
is with a healthy man that can manage
emotions, money, that is able to provide
a nice lifestyle. No woman will leave
from that kind of man. Okay? And he
knows that a man that is using money to
keep you small and dependent on him is
operating from his ego. He's a weak man.
He thinks that only his money can keep
you with him. He knows that he has
nothing else to offer apart from his
money and that's why he's using it.
Signs that he's using it is for example
in the beginning he spends a lot on you,
he gives you a lot of money, he sends
you money, he buys you bags and so on
and then slowly it's wearing off but he
will promise you next month you will get
more. Next month I will buy you this. If
you tell him that you don't have any
money left and you need to pay your
rent, if he's using money to control
you, he will be saying, "Okay, I will
give it to you tomorrow. I will give it
to you next week. I will give it to you
end of the month." If he has the money
and still pushes you to wait, he is
using it to control you. If he doesn't
have the money, that's a different case.
Okay? But if he has the resources and he
keeps pushing it, it's because first of
all, it's not his priority to make you
feel safe and happy with and around him.
And second of all, he uses that money.
He's using your expectations of what you
get from him end of the month, next
week, next day. So you will kind of
stick with him and stay with him and
feel like you have to prove you have to
be nice, you have to accept any mal
behavior from him because you need this
money and he promised to give this
money. The same with gifts. If you tell
him you really like this bag or flowers
or makeup, whatever, and then he says he
is going to buy it for you end of next
month, end of next week, end of
whatever, then he is most probably using
that to control you. For you to feel
like now I have to be nice. I have to do
whatever he says because I want this
back. Never fall for this trap, okay? If
he really wants to buy you things, if he
really wants to see you happy, he will
do it right now. He will do it in the
moment you're expressing your need. Of
course, if it is within his budget, if
it is out of his resources, different
topic. Okay? Keep in mind that when a
man has money and he's not toxic and
he's not using money to control you, to
keep you with him, he will be spoiling
and showering with money and gifts just
to make you happy because that's his
fulfillment. And he knows he has so much
more to offer than only money. He just
wants to see you happy, relaxed, and
safe with him in your life. Okay? So,
whatever you need, he's going to do. Now
number two is about your feelings. You
as a woman, you have a lot of emotions.
You have your period. You have literally
different seasons every single month
that you are going through. You are
reacting very differently to certain
circumstances, to certain experiences in
your life than he does. Now, if you're
going through your emotions, let's say
you're over stimulated, you are
overwhelmed by the way how the day went
by how your co-workers talked to you, by
how stressed you are in your head. You
are overstimulated by seeing so many
people and you start crying, you start
complaining, you start expressing your
emotions and he is shutting them down.
He is not understanding you from that
standpoint of you are a woman. He's
trying to minimize your emotions and
saying you're overreacting. You're over
emotional. You pretty much shouldn't
feel anything he wouldn't feel. He would
be saying things like I wouldn't react
like this. I wouldn't do it like that.
He's thinking from his perspective and
he doesn't have the empathy. He doesn't
have the capacities to understand you as
a woman. When a man is doing that, he is
literally pushing you into your
masculine. Okay? A woman going through
her emotions and being shut down from
that is a woman that is being told,
"Hey, stop being so feminine. Be more
masculine." And many men don't even know
that. They don't even realize that. But
this is a very toxic trait. It's
literally impossible for you two to have
a healthy dynamic together until he
learns to understand women from a
different perspective. And let me tell
you something. No, baby girl, it's not
your task to teach him how to understand
women. It's not your task to teach him
how your body works, how you work, how
you would like him to show up for you.
If he is not doing that, it's because he
has no interest in doing that. If he
doesn't understand you and he's healthy,
he will go out of his own way trying to
understand you, trying to understand how
to deal with women differently. He's
trying to understand how women are
operating differently than men. That's
what a healthy man that is truly
interested in you would be doing. If
he's not doing that and simply shutting
you down, minimizing your emotions,
minimizing your experiences, he is
toxic. And this leads me into our next
point, which are expectations. Men have
always all these expectations. They want
to know where you are. They want you to
be overly available. They want you to be
super transparent. They want you to be
exclusive. They want you to be X, Y, and
Z. The question is, is he fulfilling
these expectations himself? Because if
he is not, he's toxic. If he is not
picking up for hours, maybe even days,
not responding to you. But when you're
doing that, he's starting to blame you.
He's starting to be rude and mean,
starting to say things like, "How can
you not use your two fingers and just
send me a quick message that you're
busy?" M mm- if he's expecting more from
you than he's giving. This is
unbalanced, inconsiderate, and it's
hypocritical behavior. Okay? It is
toxic. He is pretty much expecting from
you to lead the relationship to overgive
and prove that you are worthy of him. He
is putting himself on the pedestal and
you will be ending up so drained if you
stay with a man like that. You must know
that you can never give more than you
receive from a man. Okay? He is the one
leading the relationship. He is the one
especially in the beginning courting you
and needing to prove that he is worthy
of your time, attention and effort, not
the other way around. So you are always
matching exactly what he is giving. If
he's giving you bare minimum, you're
giving less than bare minimum. If he's
being inconsistent, you are being even
more inconsistent. Okay? When he's
giving you here, you're always giving a
step back. You're always giving a little
less in return. And if he's blaming you
for that, he is toxic. Tell him if
that's what he wants, he should be with
a man instead. The next very toxic
behavior and super obvious is being
secretive. If a man is kind of not
really sharing what's going on in his
life, especially in the beginning, it's
most likely that he has already a wife.
He is in a marriage. He has something to
hide. Maybe he has a girlfriend. Maybe
he is, I don't know, a criminal. He has
something to hide. Okay? A man that is
healthy, that wants to court you, that
truly wants to be with you, he has
nothing to hide and he's going to
overshare. Because again, if he's
healthy, his expectations in you match
the expectations in himself and the
effort he is giving and showing. He is
leading the relationship. And if he is
being open, honest, sharing everything
about his life, then he's leading the
relationship into that direction. He
wants you to be honest and open about
your life, too. And this shows in vague
behavior. When you ask him what he's up
to, he is giving you inconsistent
stories and vague answers. And when you
are asking more, when you try to find
the answers, he's getting mad. This is
very, very toxic. Even if he has nothing
to hide, which is very very unlikely,
you are going to go insane because you
will be thinking what he has to hide. He
is not a person that you want to be with
long term because you will always be
wondering what he is up to. How is he
spending his days? How is he spending
his life? How is he making money? Who
are his friends? Where is he spending
his time? You don't know anything about
this man. And you should definitely not
spend your time on a man that you don't
know anything about. Not saying that you
should be controlling. No, never be
controlling. You're simply observing. Is
he sharing? Is he not? Is he honest? Is
he not? Trust your intuition. If you
feel like there is something off, if you
feel like the stories do not align,
something is off. Okay, it's simple as
that. Now the next point I want to talk
about which are actually two points that
I want to combine because they are so
important and so so so many men are
toxic in that aspect. A man that is
unreliable and a man that cannot take
accountability. If he cannot take
accountability for his behavior every
time he's doing something wrong he will
be stumbling around. He will be finding
excuses and excuses that justify his
behavior. And this can start very small,
standing you up on a date. He's not
coming or he's coming super super late.
And then he will justify his behavior,
maybe even push it on you. He will be
saying things like, "Oh, I thought we're
meeting at another place. I thought we
were meeting at that sushi place on the
other side of the city. You didn't tell
me that we are meeting at this sushi
place. No. Okay. It's not your task to
tell him to which place to come. If he
is not adult and men enough to choose
the restaurant himself and then not even
asking you and reconfirming which place
you're actually meeting, he cannot take
accountability for his wrongdoing.
Very very toxic. If he cannot take
accountability then none of his
wrongdoings are excused. And the other
thing is when he is unreliable.
I give you an example. Okay. You are
sending each other reals on Instagram.
You're sending each other nice spots,
nice places where you want to go
together. And then he's saying to one,
"Let's meet there on Friday 700 p.m."
Now Friday comes up. It's 6:00 p.m. You
didn't hear anything from him. Or you
might even are texting, but you hear
nothing about the plan. You hear nothing
about how you going to get there? Where
are you going to meet exactly? Is he
sending you a car? Is he picking you up?
Then 7:00 p.m. You still don't hear
anything. You're wondering maybe
something happened. You are stepping up
and you're asking, "Hey, what's going
on? Are we still going to this place?
Are we still going to meet? Are we still
on with that plan? Whatever the outcome
is, the problem here is that he is not
reliable. So, you cannot chill. You
cannot relax. You cannot trust his lead.
Okay. What happens then is that you
automatically step into your
masculinity. you automatically step into
leading the relationship, the date, the
connection because you internally feel
like you can't trust him. You can't
trust his lead. Even if he is showing
up, there is no consistency and he's not
leading it. He's not reliable. He keeps
leaving you unsure with plans that he
makes. So, he's literally keeping you
anxious every time and you keep
producing testosterone. You are not able
to relax, focus on looking good, being
the feminine, juicy and most soft
version of yourself because he doesn't
build that safe ground for you. This is
setting a standard for the whole
relationship. He will be ending up
resenting you for that. He will be
telling you things like you're not
feminine enough. I don't want to be with
another man when he was the one coming
short from the very beginning. And even
though you might think this is something
small, maybe it just happens once or it
happens twice, it's not small. And the
problem is that you're setting the
dynamic, especially in the beginning of
the relationship. If you step up, and
you will step up if he's making a plan
and then not showing up, it's a natural
response. Then you're showing him, hey,
it's fine. Sit back. I got it. which is
exactly what a man should be doing with
you. Imagine you are 2 years in the
relationship. You are maybe even
married. You're living together and he
is usually always covering the rent. But
one day suddenly you get an eviction
notice because he didn't cover the rent.
He is unreliable. He told you that he
was covering the rent or he simply
didn't talk about it and suddenly the
eviction notice. Who will have to step
up and take care of it? You. Imagine
you're having a little daughter and he
was supposed to pick her up from school.
He was supposed to surprise her with a
gift. He's not telling you anything.
He's not showing up. He completely
forgot about it or he's bad in time
management. Whatever the reason is, your
daughter might be standing outside of
school for hours until the head of
school is calling you asking if you
forgot about your daughter. I know these
are worst case scenarios, but this is
what's going to happen with a man that
is unreliable. Next sign is if he's
respecting your boundaries. Men are
always going to test your boundaries.
Okay? If you're telling him, "Hey, I'm
not going to go with you home on the
first date," he will test it. I think
it's very normal. He's going to test it.
What you need to watch out for is how he
is reacting once you keep that boundary
intact. You're saying, "I'm not coming
home with you on the first date. You're
having a wonderful night in the
restaurant. And at the end of the night,
he will ask you, "Do you want to come
over for some wine and you say, "No, I
told you I'm not going home with you on
the first date." If he's respecting it,
then it's okay. He was trying to test
it. He's respecting it. Everything fine.
But if he's starting to be mean, if he's
starting to push that boundary even
further, if he's starting to maybe even
make you feel crazy for having that
boundary, telling you it's not a big
deal. Nothing is going to happen. Just
come with me. Just just come halfway
with me. Just do this. It's not such a
big deal. It's nothing bad. Just let's
let's just drink a wine. or he's trying
to lure you in with some promises. I'm
going to have a a little present for you
that is at home waiting. I have
something that I need to show you at
home. If he's doing that, this is toxic.
Okay? If he's not respecting your
boundaries, and so many men are not,
this is very, very toxic. And many, many
women then do things they actually do
not want to do, especially when it is
about being intimate. Even if you are
already a bit more intimate, maybe you
kissed, but you still do not want to
sleep with him, you do not have to. And
if he is pushing it, if he's saying,
"Ah, it's just it's just it's not such a
big deal. We know each other so long
already." He's trying to push that
boundary. Okay? You don't have to say
yes. And certainly, you will not lose
him because you're saying no. And if you
do, then he was simply taking advantage
of you not having boundaries. He's not
your man anyways. Once you notice that a
man is trying to negotiate your
boundaries, run. Okay? Hurry up and run.
Don't let any man ever, ever again lure
you into giving up your boundaries. A
man that truly wants you, a man that is
healthy and respects you, he also
respects your boundaries. He might is
trying to test it once how serious you
are, but then he is respecting them. And
the next and last point and sign that
he's toxic is when he's treating others
badly. I suppose that we all know about
this or many of us have heard about it
minimum. But I want you to take close
attention to how he's treating others.
It's not sexy when he's screaming as the
waiter for messing up his order, for
bringing too little change, for bringing
the food cold. Yes, he should step up
and be a man and showing that he's not
okay with getting played on and getting
something that he didn't want to have,
but he should do that in a respectful
way. If you're thinking it's hot or sexy
when he's screaming at the waiter, you
need to rethink that because best
believe me, this anger is going to turn
against you once you did something to
make him upset. The way how he treats
others is the way how he's going to
treat you when you are not on your best
terms. So, forget about thinking that
this is hot or sexy. Sexy is when he is
calm and still standing up for himself.
Sexy is when he says, "Sir, I ordered a
medium rare steak. This is well done.
Could you please change it?" The
securess in himself and what he wants,
but no need to shout. What you really
need to observe is how he reacts when
he's angry, when he's slightly upset,
how he deals with waiters, with people
beneath him. Is he disrespectful? And
how is he treating people that he is
respecting? If he is like an ass licker
and overly nice to people who have more
money, this is also a very bad sign. You
don't want a man to lose himself just
because there are people with more money
or status than him. And not to forget,
how is he talking about his friends, his
family, his co-workers? How is he
talking about them? Is he gossiping?
Yes, even men are gossiping. Is he
talking really badly about them? It's
very likely that he's going to talk
about you that same way one day. I think
we have already seven signs. Now,
something else came into my mind which I
quickly want to mention. If a man is
talking badly about your friends and
your family, it's not because he simply
doesn't like them. It's because he's
trying to isolate you to make him more
important in your life. When you have
nobody else around you, you cut off
contact with your family, with your
friends, then of course you are relying
emotionally more on him. And only a
toxic man would want that. Only a toxic
man want you to be relying on him
financially, emotionally, or in any way
possible. Okay. Now, I hope it's very
clear which kind of man you have to stay
away from. I hope it's very clear that
these are signs you don't overthink. If
he has one of these signs or even more,
please respect yourself enough to notice
that this is not what you deserve. You
deserve better. You deserve someone who
respects you, who loves you, and who
truly wants you. Now, if you want to
have a clear overview of what a real
provider man is and looks like and how
you can attract him, download my ebook,
The Queen Treatment. Link is in my bio
or below. Thank you so much for
watching. I love you so, so much. And I
see you in my next video. Bye-bye.